# filesyncBatchWay
<<<<<<< HEAD
This utility is based on the batch programming and hence has no dependency on any third party runtime environment. The pre-requisite to run this utility is to config the shared folder and local folder locations in the config.properties.  Local folder is where the deal tickets are expected to be generated and shared folders like target and archive is where the files will be moved. As a process it will archive the file first in the shared archive folder and then move the file in target folder. By the end of the process it will also move the log file on the shared server log folder. Log file naming convention is as follows: Log_ipaddress_datetime.txt As mentioned earlier, the utility can either be scheduled in the windows task scheduler of the terminal system or it can be triggered manually.
=======
It is based on the batch programming and hence has no dependency on any third party runtime environment. The pre-requisite to run this utility is to config the shared folder and local folder locations in the config.properties.  Local folder is where the deal tickets are expected to be generated and shared folders like target and archive is where the files will be moved. As a process it will archive the file first in the shared archive folder and then move the file in target folder. By the end of the process it will also move the log file on the shared server log folder. Log file naming convention is as follows: Log_ipaddress_datetime.txt As mentioned earlier, the utility can either be scheduled in the windows task scheduler it can be triggered manually.
This utility can be setup on the client machines and post execution the files along with log details will be synced on the server. The IP address appended in the log file name is the IP of client machine.
>>>>>>> 832b6260ac88f84eed63105d8841118ed7d119ed
